---
layout: post
title:  "India"
thumbnail: '../assets/India.jpg' 
date:   2015-11-11 20:10:01 +0100
categories: jekyll update
youtube_id: QDDqYSLyRo0
---
<div>

	<p>The benefits of travelling someplace new and unfamiliar is well known. We are all familiar with the pleasures of travelling and also with the heart ache that comes with leaving a place you have just begun to love. </p>
	
	<p>This summer, I went to India. The trip was out of this world, but just like with any other pleasant and wonderful things in life, I have been struggling to properly express what I loved about it. Even as I try to write this blog, I stare at the blinking cursor trying my best to form sentences.</p>
	
	<p>I went to Bangalore for two and a half months on an internship programme. I met a lot of wonderful people there. It was my first time in India, but it felt very familiar when I got there. The bright-coloured houses, the insane traffic, the constant noise pollution, the smell of rubber and dust, and the cheerful locals - it all reminded me of Nepal. </p>
	
	<p>India is an interesting place to travel with new people. There is always a surprise waiting for you at every turn. The heat, the smells, the sounds - it is a blast to all your senses, yet there is something very relaxed about India. It is the only place where I have seen two people have a casual conversation with each other while driving side by side at 35mph.</p>
	
	<p>Whether you are just looking to hang out with friends and grab a couple pints of beer, or visit an ancient temple way on the top of a hill, or just want to stroll through some exquisite maze of alleyways, - there is always something for everyone. </p>
	
	<p>I can list the names of all the places I visited in India. Places like Goa (Oh Goa..), Mumbai, Hampi, New Delhi, Agra, Bangalore and Coorg. But, a travel guide will provide more accurate and enticing descriptions of these places than I can. So, instead, I can share with you some of things that I learnt there. </p>
	
	<ol>
		<li>Let your bank know about your travels, so that they don't mistake you for a fraud. (Yep, it happened to me)
		<li>India is really big. Seriously, like... really big. 
		<li>If you are planning on packing a bikini, you might want to think again.
		<li>You can easily befriend a cab driver in India.
		<li>Locals love seeing foreigners immersing themselves in Indian culture, like wearing a traditional outfit, or eating their local food. Some also find it hysterical when you can't handle spicy food.
		<li>Everyone speaks english!
		<li>You find yourself converting currencies every time you spend money.
		<li>Get used to people staring at you.
		<li>If you are planning to visit the Taj Mahal, go at sunrise. There will only be a handful of people, and the white marble which the Taj is built out of picks up this orangish hue from the morning sun. The sight is breathtaking.
		<li>Yes, you did pay the shopkeeper waaayy too much for that tiny elephant statue.
		<li>People are generally helpful and happy to talk to tourists.
		<li>All businesses close super early.
		<li>Crossing the road is a pain.
		<li>Bars in India play a lot of old school rock music like Green Day, SUM 41, Simple Plan, etc. This was a surprise since bars in England play only pop music.
		<li>You will catch yourself doing a funny head bobbing action (used as a gesture of agreement) which you probably picked up from the locals.
		<li>Coconut trees here. Coconut trees there. Coconut trees everywhere!
		<li>Vegetarians definitely have it better than non-vegetarians in India. Also, it is very hard to find places that serve beef.
		<li>Damn it, I want another elephant statue.
	</ol>
	<p>I had one of the best times of my life there, and my only regret is that I didn't travel as many places as I wanted. Of course, when you're there it feels like you are never going to leave. I will be patiently waiting till my next trip to India, and till then, I can always dive into these wonderful memories and relive the same ineffable joys I felt when I was in India.</p> <br>
	<p>P.S To play the video just scroll up and click on the blank space</p>

</div>
